Plot points:
The barrier breaks, then you wake up at the campfire, small tutorial level, start Knight Spirit Boss Fight, you can always run off, or just be a man and actually beat him.
Black screen with the text:
'Let's go back in time a little' 'Who is this girl, and why does she look like she's from a silent film?' 'Actually let's show you right now.'
epic cutscene where her father accidentally makes her black and white because he tested some spell on her. It was supposed to give her the shoot ability.
Text: 'Yo, you should probably read this, It's kinda important.' '(or be a mumpsimus and just press start to skip)'
'In this world, people are born with superpowers' 'Nobody knows what causes it' 'I might have called them super powers, but they are not very powerful'
'However, people also don't have a single power either.' 'For instance: a fisherman can breath underwater, and he can attract fish, among some other abilities'
'It's usually kind of.. context sensative' 'Actually sometimes it doesn't even really work out.' 'There are a lot of variables.' 'But there's actually a word to sumarize it all'
'WILLPOWER (limited edition)' 'No it's not the limited edition of the game, that's just the name' 'Don't tell me you bought the game because you thought it was a limited edition'
'"What limit?" You might ask.' 'Well, I'd rather not give you a wall of text at the start of the game, so let's just leave it at this.'
Scene of the father asking Taica to get some item at some location. Don't tell the player, but make it very clear what kind of shop is being run
After epic side quest
'Father: ok, the final ingredient is finally here!' 'I've prepared for this moment my whole life.' 'The reason I began this whole career' 'The most epic potion ever!'
'yes' 'Yes' 'YEEEES' 'I AM NOT VERTICALLLY CHALLENGED!' 'I WILL BE TALL' 'No more "how's the weather down there", or asking me if I'm really an adult'.
'I'm so done with it!' 'I hate it!' '*heavy breathing ASMR' 'Now, to drink'
Epic cutscene time, it shows him drinking it, he goed crazy or whatever, screaming shit like kill me or something
Boss time!
At the end, he stops moving, the entire house is basically destroyed.
You decide to go out for a while
Shot of her sleeping at a campfire, barrier breaks again, fading to another one, with some text, the next day. Show the sky clearly, because the barries broke.
Text over shot 'By the way, did you notice what happend to the sky?' 'Well, there was actually a giant barrier over this area.' 'Taica's father created it.'
'It was made so that some "people" wouldn't just walk in and attack his home' 'You've already seen it' 'That big Knight' 
'The barrier plays with your sub contious, and makes you just kind of walk away from it' 'But it's gone now' 'Because you killed him' 'Bitch' 
'(just kidding, you're probably an awesome person)'
Some more level stuff
epic boss time again
Text 'Taica: Time to search for a new home then' 'To be continued..' 'right now'
End